nixos/dokuwiki: Finally remove extraConfig (#226141)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

  `services.dnsmasq.extraConfig` will be deprecated when NixOS 22.11 reaches
  end of life.

> - The `dokuwiki` service now takes configuration via the `services.dokuwiki.sites.<name>.settings` attribute set, `extraConfig` has been removed.
>   The `{aclUse,superUser,disableActions}` attributes have been renamed accordingly, `pluginsConfig` now only accepts an attribute set of booleans, passing plain PHP is no longer possible.
>   Same applies to `acl` which now also only accepts structured settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `dokuwiki` service is now configured via `services.dokuwiki.sites.<name>.settings` attribute set; `extraConfig` has been removed.
  The `{aclUse,superUser,disableActions}` attributes have been renamed accordingly. `pluginsConfig` now only accepts an attribute set of booleans.
Passing plain PHP is no longer possible.
  Same applies to `acl` which now also only accepts structured `settings`.
```
